Version 0.3
===========

- Third release of the stable API. By `Rafael M O Cruz`_  and `Luiz G Hafemann`_

Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* All techniques are now sklearn estimators and passes the check_estimator tests.
* All techniques can now be instantiated without a trained pool of classifiers.
* Pool of classifiers can now be fitted together with the ensemble techniques. See `simple example <auto_examples/simple_example.html>`_.
* Added support for Faiss (Facebook AI Similarity Search) for fast region of competence estimation on GPU.
* Added DES Multi-class Imbalance method :class:`deslib.des.des_mi.DESMI`.
* Added stacked classifier model, :class:`deslib.static.stacked.StackedClassifier` to the static ensemble module.
* Added a new Instance Hardness measure :func:`utils.instance_hardness.kdn_score`.
* Added Instance Hardness support when using DES-Clustering.
* Added label encoder for the :mod:`static` module.
* Added a script :mod:`utils.datasets` with routines to generate synthetic datasets (e.g., the P2 and XOR datasets).
* Changed name of base classes (Adding Base to their following scikit-learn standards).
* Removal of **DFP_mask**, **neighbors** and **distances** as class variables.
* Changed signature of methods **estimate_competence**, **predict_with_ds**, **predict_proba_with_ds**. They now require the neighbors and distances to be passed as input arguments.
* Added random_state parameter to all methods in order to have reproducible results.
* Added Python 3.7 support.
* New and updated `examples <auto_examples/index.html>`_.
* Added performance tests comparing the speed of Faiss vs sklearn KNN.

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Fixed bug with META-DES when checking if the meta-classifier was already fitted.
* Fixed bug with random state on DCS techniques.
* Fixed high memory consumption on DES probabilistic methods.
* Fixed bug on Heterogeneous ensembles example and notebooks examples.
* Fixed bug on :class:`deslib.des.probabilistic.MinimumDifference` when only samples from a single class are provided.
* Fixed problem with DS methods when the number of training examples was lower than the k value.
* Fixed division by zero problems with :class:`APosteriori` :class:`APriori` :class:`MLA` when the distance is equal to zero.
* Fixed bug on :func:`deslib.utils.prob_functions.exponential_func` when the support obtained for the correct class was equal to one.


.. _Rafael M O Cruz: https://github.com/Menelau
.. _Luiz G Hafemann: https://github.com/luizgh

