Version 0.3.5
=============

- Fourth release of the stable API. By `Rafael M O Cruz`_  and `Luiz G Hafemann`_. This release was mainly focused on compatibility with newer scikit-learn versions, performance improvement and bug fixes.


Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Update tests according to the new scikit-learn standards.
* Added n_jobs parameter for parallelization.
* Refactored FIRE-DES for faster processing.
* Added new approximated KNN methods using Facebook FAISS search.
* Added passtrhough features for StackedClassifier.
* Added different scoring methods (e.g., AUC, F1-Score) for Single best and Static Selection methods
* Added different scoring methods for DESClustering
* Added predict_proba for the Oracle method.
* Added batch processing for probabilistic methods.
* Added KNearest Neighbors equality option and 'n_neighbors parameter.
* Improved weighted majority voting performance with bath processing.
* Removal of redundant information in documentation.
* Update reference article.

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Fixed randomness with APosteriori and APriori methods during test.
* Fixed error with label encoder for the Oracle and static combination methods
* Methods do not allow a pool containing a single classifier mdoel.
* Removal of Collinear features in stacked classifier.
* Fixed meta-classfier when passing a classifier model to the META-DES technique.
* Fixed DCS-OLA documentation.
* Fixed bug when support given to a class is very small but not zero.
* Fixed FAISS batch processing mode.



.. _Rafael M O Cruz: https://github.com/Menelau
.. _Luiz G Hafemann: https://github.com/luizgh

